How ASCMII works : (you can generate javadoc for more details)

See the file named "deployment" to learn how to used the configuration file
conf/application.conf

ASCMII has the following packages :
	- (default package)
Contains only Global.java. Only used to override some play methods.
Allow the programmer to choose what the app does when starting for example.
Here, timers are started at the beginning, PostgreSQL drivers are loaded, etc.

	- controllers
Default Play package that contains everything related to sending data to
the connected host.
I tried to roughly create a class per displayed web page.
There are as well classes devoted to allow the user to download or upload files
(CSV or UploadImages for example)
P404 is a class that manages what the servers must do if the user types a wrong
GET request.
Ajax is a class that manages Ajax request only.

	- functions
Contains helping class for tasks managed by class in the package controller.
You can for example find AGAPUtil or LDAP, used to connect to PostgreSQL or LDAP
remote servers.
Events contains things related to time. For the time being, the only thing is there
is the methods that send mails to students (every 15 minutes, the server checks if
mails are to be sent)
CoupleRI is a class use to compile results (in the models.Resultat class).
Mail class manage the sending of mails.

	- functions.agap
Contains classes to assist AGAPUtil

	- models
Contains entities for ebean (ebean manages the default database)
Each class represents a table in the database.
The class Resultat however is not a table in the database. It is there for convenience
(this way you can directly use Resultat instances in templates).

	- test
Only one class with only one method.
The aim is to check whether test mode is activated or not.

	- views
Contains html pages.

Notes about templates :
	- main
		Contains headers for nearly all pages. Allows you not to copy/paste the same code
	-title
		Contains the logo.
		Note: I changed the logo from ASCII-art to a png image because I couldn't find a
	universal font (Lucida Console exists only on Windows, Courier New exists for
	Linux/MAC OS X/Windows but not on all smartphones). If you ever found a universal font
	(which I doubt) just uncomment the ASCMII-art part on this template.
